[1.10] Docs for Cloudflare components (#3032)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/cfqueues.md

## Binding support

This component supports **output binding** with the following operations:

- `publish` (alias: `create`): Publish a message to the Queue.  
  The data passed to the binding is used as-is for the body of the message published to the Queue.  
  This operation does not accept any metadata property.

## Create a Cloudflare Queue

To use this component, you must have a Cloudflare Queue created in your Cloudflare account.

You can create a new Queue in one of two ways:

- Using the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/)  
- Using the [Wrangler CLI](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/):
  
  ```sh
  # Authenticate if needed with `npx wrangler login` first
  npx wrangler queues create <NAME>
  # For example: `npx wrangler queues create myqueue`
  ```

## Configuring the Worker

Because Cloudflare Queues can only be accessed by scripts running on Workers, Dapr needs to maintain a Worker to communicate with the Queue.

Dapr can manage the Worker for you automatically, or you can pre-provision a Worker yourself. Pre-provisioning the Worker is the only supported option when running on [workerd](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd).

> > **Important:** Use a separate Worker for each Dapr component. Do not use the same Worker script for different Cloudflare Queues bindings, and do not use the same Worker script for different Cloudflare components in Dapr (e.g. the Workers KV state store and the Queues binding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Use a separate Worker for each Dapr component. Do not use the same Worker script for different Cloudflare Queues bindings, and do not use the same Worker script for different Cloudflare components in Dapr (for example the Workers KV state store and the Queues binding).
```

- **`workerName`**: Name of the Worker script. This will be the first part of the URL of your Worker: for example, if the "workers.dev" domain configured for your Cloudflare account is `mydomain.workers.dev` and you set `workerName` to `mydaprqueue`, the Worker that Dapr deploys will be available at `https://mydaprqueue.mydomain.workers.dev`.
- **`cfAccountID`**: ID of your Cloudflare account. You can find this in your browser's URL bar after logging into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), with the ID being the hex string right after `dash.cloudflare.com`. For example, if the URL is `https://dash.cloudflare.com/456789abcdef8b5588f3d134f74acdef`, the value for `cfAccountID` is `456789abcdef8b5588f3d134f74acdef`.
- **`cfAPIToken`**: API token with permission to create and edit Workers. You can create it from the ["API Tokens" page](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens) in the "My Profile" section in the Cloudflare dashboard. Click on "Create token", select the **"Edit Cloudflare Workers"** template, then follow the on-screen instructions to generate a new API token.

> When Dapr is configured to manage the Worker for you, when a Dapr Runtime is started it checks that the Worker exists and it's up-to-date. If the Worker doesn't exist, or if it's using an outdated version, Dapr will create or upgrade it for you automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Dapr is configured to manage the Worker for you, when a Dapr Runtime is started it checks that the Worker exists and it's up-to-date. If the Worker doesn't exist, or if it's using an outdated version, Dapr creates or upgrades it for you automatically.
```

  
  ```toml
  # Name of your Worker, for example "mydaprqueue"
  name = ""

  # Do not change these options
  main = "worker.js"
  compatibility_date = "2022-12-09"
  usage_model = "bundled"

  [vars]
  # Set this to the **public** part of the Ed25519 key, PEM-encoded (with newlines replaced with `\n`).
  # Example:
  # PUBLIC_KEY = "-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----\nMCowB...=\n-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
  PUBLIC_KEY = ""
  # Set this to the name of your Worker (same as the value of the "name" property above), for example "mydaprqueue".
  TOKEN_AUDIENCE = ""

  # Set the next two values to the name of your Queue, for example "myqueue".
  # Note that they will both be set to the same value.
  [[queues.producers]]
  queue = ""
  binding = ""
  ```
  
  > Note: see the next section for how to generate an Ed25519 key pair. Make sure you use the **public** part of the key when deploying a Worker!

4. Copy the (pre-compiled and minified) code of the Worker in the `worker.js` file. You can do that with this command:  
  
  ```sh
  # Set this to the version of Dapr that you're using
  DAPR_VERSION="release-{{% dapr-latest-version short="true" %}}"

>   curl -LfO "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dapr/components-contrib/${DAPR_VERSION}/internal/component/cloudflare/workers/code/worker.js"

Author: Reviewers: this command won't work until we cut the first release in the 1.10 branch. In the meanwhile, if you need to test this, use:

```sh
curl -LfO "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dapr/components-contrib/master/internal/component/cloudflare/workers/code/worker.js"
```

# On Mac, using openssl@3 from Homebrew:
$(brew --prefix)/opt/openssl@3/bin/openssl genpkey -algorithm ed25519 -out private.pem
$(brew --prefix)/opt/openssl@3/bin/openssl pkey -in private.pem -pubout -out public.pem
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}
<!-- Generate with the step CLI -->

If you don't have the step CLI already, install it following the [official instructions](https://smallstep.com/docs/step-cli/installation).

Next, you can generate a new Ed25519 key pair with the step CLI using:

```sh
step crypto keypair \
  public.pem private.pem \
  --kty OKP --curve Ed25519 \
  --insecure --no-password
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

Regardless of how you generated your key pair, with the instructions above you'll have two files:

- `private.pem` contains the private part of the key: use the contents of this file for the **`key`** property of the component's metadata.
- `public.pem` contains the public part of the key, which you'll need only if you're deploying a Worker manually (as per the instructions in the previoius section).

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
Protect the private part of your key and treat it as a secret value!
{{% /alert %}}

> ## Related links

Reviewer: Is it worth referencing any CloudFlare queues documentation here? It generally helps and is recommended.

Author: Done
